Enabled Virtual WAN scenario in a new vwanConnectivity module (#152)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: docs/wiki/DeploymentFlowVWAN.md

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
## Azure Landing Zones Bicep - Deployment Flow - Virtual WAN
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

### Intro

> This deploys a hub and spoke network [topology with Azure Virtual WAN](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/networking/hub-spoke-vwan-architecture) to the enterprise-scale foundation. This connectivity approach uses Virtual WAN (VWAN) to replace hubs as a managed service. Spoke virtual networks peer with the VWAN virtual hub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This deploys a hub and spoke network [topology with Azure Virtual WAN](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/architecture/networking/hub-spoke-vwan-architecture) to the Azure Landing Zone foundation. This connectivity approach uses Virtual WAN (VWAN) to replace hubs as a managed service. Spoke virtual networks peer with the VWAN virtual hub.
```
